Update versioning for PostgreSQL, Leap and Salt and Migration info (#2260)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/db-migration-xy.adoc

This section covers upgrading the PostgreSQL database to the latest version.
If you are already using PostgreSQL 14, you do not need to perform this migration.

If you want to upgrade to the latest {productname} version, you must be using PostgreSQL version 13, 14, or 15 depending on the underlying operating system:

> * If you are running SLES 15 SP4, use PostgreSQL 14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are running SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 15 SP4, use PostgreSQL 14.
```

* If you are running {opensuse} Leap 15.4, use PostgreSQL 14.

> * If you are running SLES 15 SP5, use PostgreSQL 15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you are running SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 15 SP5, use PostgreSQL 15.
```

Author: There is a reason we have attribute. :) Woops!
